Skip to content
Business Checking
Business Loans
Accept Payments
OVERVIEW
Accept Payments
Get paid your way—online or in person with invoicing, Tap to Pay, ACH, wire, and more.
Learn more
about Accept Payments
WAYS TO GET PAID
NEW
Estimates
Align on project scope then instantly convert estimates to invoices.
Tap to Pay
Accept in-person payments right from your phone.
Invoicing
Create and send unlimited invoices from your dashboard, for free.
ACH, wires, and checks
Receive ACH, wires, and checks directly to your Bluevine account.
Payment links
Easily create and send secure payment links to get paid faster.
International payments
Receive global payments in as fast as 24 hours.
NEW
Share professional estimates to align on project cost before work begins.
See how it works
Solutions
Resources
Company
Sign in
Start application
Grow with a business
line of credit.

Get instant funding1 with interest rates as
low as 7.8% for top qualifying customers.2
Apply with no impact to your credit score.3

Start application
Better Business Bureau A+ rating
Rated
4.7
out of 5 stars
Excellent|11,488 reviews

Bluevine is a financial technology company, not a bank.
The Bluevine Line of Credit is issued by Celtic Bank.

$17B+

working capital delivered4

Join the 1M+ U.S. businesses we’ve helped with funding and
banking solutions tailored to their needs.

Quick, easy access to a
business line of credit.

Access the flexible financing you need to run and grow your business smoothly,
with competitive interest rates and automatic repayments.

Instant access to
funds

Get instant access to approved draws with a Bluevine Business Checking account.

Credit lines up to
$250K

Apply for credit lines up to $250,000 and only pay for what you use, with no maintenance fees.2

Access to
ongoing capital

Draw funds when you need to cover big expenses, improve cash flow, and take advantage of growth opportunities1 — and only pay for what you use.

Use your line to build business credit.

A Bluevine Line of Credit may help set your business up for growth. We report your repayment history to Experian, so you can improve your business credit score for future financing opportunities with consistent, on-time repayments.

Learn more
About Bluevine Premier
Get started with business financing.
Apply online in minutes.

Provide basic info about your business, and get a decision in as fast as five minutes. Plus, applying won’t impact your credit score.3

Access funds in a click

Request funds in a click, and see approved draws in your account in as fast as 24 hours—or instantly with a Bluevine Business Checking account.3

Make automatic repayments

Repay automatically on a fixed schedule, and your credit line will replenish as you make repayments.

Expert support when
you need it.

The personalized support your small business needs is just a message or phone call away, with real people ready to help.

You can also explore self-guided resources any time in our Help Center.

Read the latest from Trustpilot.
Excellent
4.7

Based on 11,488 reviews

Bluevine – the rock star among garage bands!

Bluevine is simply hands down one of the best business decisions I've made. Their services are unmatched. ...

DB
Business owner

Very efficient and smooth process. It was great having an advisor walk me through the different options. I felt like eve...

Austin
I had a great experience working with…

I had a great experience working with Chris while securing a business line of credit. He was diligent, patient, and cons...

Jane
Smooth onboarding experience

Smooth onboarding experience, looking forward to a lasting relationship...

Maurice J.
helpful conversation

helpful info on how to get the most from the account, given my business' stage....

DG
Great Business Checking Features and Value

I’ve been very happy with Bluevine for my business banking. One of the biggest benefits is earning interest on my busine...

Patrick
Line of credit FAQs.
What is a business line of credit?
How is a line of credit different from a small business loan?
How does a Bluevine Line of Credit work?
How can I get a line of credit through Bluevine?
What businesses are eligible for a line of credit?
What documents are needed to apply for a business line of credit?
Can I open a Bluevine Business Checking account with my line of credit?
How do I qualify for a Bluevine Line of Credit?
Does applying for a Bluevine Line of Credit affect my credit score?
How quickly can I access funds with Bluevine’s line of credit?
How can I use my Bluevine Line of Credit to grow my business?
Can I use a line of credit for seasonal business needs?
Need a traditional business loan?

Apply online in minutes for a term loan up to $500,000 from our lending partners.

Learn more
Looking for SBA funding?

We’ve partnered with Fundera by NerdWallet to help you access SBA 7(a) loans up to $350,000.

Contact sales
Explore helpful guides.

Learn how to make the most of your Bluevine account with these in-depth product guides and resources.

Business Loans

Everything you need to apply for a Bluevine Line of Credit.

We’ve created this guide that covers everything you need to apply.

Read more

Business Loans

Make the most of your Bluevine line of credit.

Learn about your Bluevine Line of Credit benefits and how to use a line of credit to grow in your industry.

Read more

Business Loans

How to connect an external bank account to Bluevine.

Connecting your external account can help you get the most out of your Bluevine Line of Credit...

Read more
Ready to apply for a
line of credit?
Start application

Submit your application in just a few minutes with no impact to your credit score.3

Bluevine is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC.
Not all features available in all countries. Limitations apply. See international features for details.
Contact Us
About Us
Careers
Press
Products
Business Checking
Line of Credit
Term Loans
Accept Payments
Accountants & Bookkeepers
International Business Owners
Resources
Help Center
FAQs
Business Blog
Partners
Customer Reviews
Legal
Terms of Use
Bluevine Privacy Policy
Coastal Community
Bank Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Bluevine Payment
Terms of Service
European Privacy Notice
Your Privacy Preferences
Advisory Agreement

Bluevine is a financial technology company,
not a bank.

Deposits are FDIC insured up to $3,000,000 per depositor through Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC and our program banks.

‡
The national average and comparison are based on interest rates paid by U.S. depository institutions as calculated by the FDIC.
◊
Applications are subject to credit approval. Rates and terms may vary based on your creditworthiness and are subject to change. Eligibility for the maximum funding amount is available only to applicants with the strongest credit profiles. Offerings and eligibility requirements vary by partner.
Draw requests are subject to review and approval. Bluevine Line of Credit customers can access approved draws instantly only with their Bluevine Business Checking account. Approved draws being deposited to an external bank account will be available in as quickly as a few hours if you choose our bank wire option ($15). Or, choose our fee-free ACH transfer option which typically gets funds deposited the next business day, although it may take up to three.
Applications are subject to credit approval. Rates, credit lines, and terms may vary based on your creditworthiness and are subject to change. Eligibility for the lowest rates is available only to applicants with the strongest credit profiles. Factors include FICO score, time in business, monthly revenue, and payment history. Additional fees apply.
While applying and reviewing an offer will not impact your personal credit score, accepting an offer may result in a hard inquiry. If you default on a Bluevine Line of Credit you may be subject to negative business reporting and personal credit reporting in your role as guarantor.
Customer and lending statistics include Paycheck Protection Program.

Bluevine is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking Services provided by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC. FDIC insurance only covers the failure of an FDIC-insured bank. FDIC insurance is available through pass-through insurance at Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC, if certain conditions have been met. Bluevine accounts are FDIC insured up to $3,000,000 per depositor through Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC and our program banks. The Bluevine Business Debit Mastercard® is issued by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere Mastercard is accepted. Mastercard is a registered trademark and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.

Bluevine Business Checking is available to qualified U.S.-registered businesses owned by those in select countries. See supported countries and eligibility requirements. Not all features are available to international customers. Limitations apply. See international features for details.

Mastercard, Mastercard Easy Savings, Mastercard Airport Concierge, Priceless Surprises and the circles design are registered trademarks and Mastercard ID Theft Protection is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.

Application is subject to approval. No monthly or maintenance fees. Card Replacement Fees and Wire Transfer Fees may apply.

Banking Services for payments made via ACH or wire from the Bluevine Business Checking Account are provided by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC. Money transmission services for International Payments are provided by a third party and are also subject to their applicable terms and conditions.

The Bluevine Line of Credit is issued by Celtic Bank and is serviced by Bluevine. Applications are subject to credit approval. Rates, credit lines, and terms may vary based on your creditworthiness and are subject to change. Additional fees apply. Other commercial credit products are offered by a variety of Bluevine’s third party partners. Bluevine is not involved in the issuance or servicing of these products. Offerings and eligibility requirements vary by partner.

Certain financing may be made or arranged pursuant to California Financing Law-License No. 6054789.

Payment processing services are provided by Stripe, Inc., N.A. Bluevine Inc. Payment processing services are available to most businesses, subject to eligibility determined by Bluevine.

Tap to Pay is only available on supported devices and may require upgrading to the latest version of the Bluevine app and your phone’s operating system. Some Android devices may not be compatible. Android is a trademark of Google LLC. Tap to Pay on iPhone requires a supported payment app. Some contactless cards may not be accepted by your payment app. Transaction limits may apply. The Contactless Symbol is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC. Tap to Pay on iPhone is not available in all markets. For Tap to Pay on iPhone countries and regions, see here.

All other product names, logos, brands, trademarks, and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. All company, product, and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names, trademarks, and brands does not imply endorsement.

® 2026 Bluevine Inc. All Rights Reserved. “Bluevine” and the Bluevine logo are registered trademarks of Bluevine Inc.

We use cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, “cookies”) for the purposes set forth in our Privacy Policy, including for analytics and targeted advertising. Some cookies offered by third parties (including social media platforms and advertising partners) collect your personal data to provide services to us and information about your online activity to others. You can manage these in the Privacy Preferences Center.